**We believe in true love.** 
Finding love online is more daunting than it needs to be. That's why we created Pair. It's a way to use the power of science and technology to find your better half.

99.9% of all human DNA is the same. But this tiny leftover fraction, 0.1%, is the source of all the diversity we see in each other. Recent breakthroughs in genomics have allowed us to dig deeper into our genetic structure and to understand more about who we are. By using complex algorithmic processes, we can pinpoint the parts of your DNA that really tell your story. 

Next, we search through our databases to find other genetic structures that might compliment your own. Through DNA sequencing, we can determine many different characteristics. These could be physical, such as hair color, but they can also be psychological or emotional.

Whatever the case may be, our team is dedicated to finding your perfect Pair. 

Meet & Greet

Owen Herterich: Co-Founder
Hacker, maker, & creative technologist dedicated to crafting personal and magical experiences.

Angelica Jang: Co-Founder
Innovator who values human-centric design in the realm of technology and science.

Ayodamola Okunseinde: Engineer
Interdisciplinary engineer bringing soul to our understanding of science and self.

Jorge Proaño: Designer
Groundbreaking multidisciplinary designer committed to creating meaningful interactions across cultures.

Susse Sønderby Jensen: Designer
Hybrid user-experience designer creating profound experiences beyond the nature of understanding.

Mirte Becker: Engineer
Data wizard building a bridge between sensitivity and understanding through cutting-edge web technologies. 

Jackie Simon: Creative
Concept constructor who develops ideas to enrich and advance the experience of being.

Adiel Fernandez: Engineer
Classically-trained physicist interested in traversing the fringes of the quantified self.

Albert Kim: Designer
Versatile design technologist exploring the present and future intersection of art and science.
